content	others	Mohammad Faid Jalal
content	others	faid.mughal07@gmail.com  |  Srinagar, Jammu & Kashmir, India | Phone: +91 9797852844
header	education	EDUCATION
content	education	  MCA (Master of Computer Application)
content	others	Year 2018
content	others	University of Kashmir
content	education	  BCA (Bachelor of Computer Application)
content	others	Year 2015
content	others	University of Kashmir
header	others	PERSONAL PROFILE
meta	others	  Ambitious individual with strong academic qualifications.
meta	others	  Lateral thinker with the ability to multitask and work under pressure and within time constraints.
meta	others	  Articulate communicator with leadership qualities as well as strong problem-solving skills.
meta	others	  Ready to work in a challenging environment, both individually and also within the context of a group
meta	others	with the aim of using interpersonal as well as other skills in order to be an asset for the organization.
header	project	PROJECT WORK
content	project	Smart SAPP (Self-Assessment & Planning Program)
meta	others	  Period: May 2014 to July 2014
content	others	  Description:
content	project	a.  Smart SAPP is an android platform-based application.
content	project	b.   It provides information about various courses and colleges across various states.
content	project	c.  So, helping 10+2 pass out’s by providing information without need to surf the internet.
meta	others	  Role: Intern
meta	others	  Environment: ADT (android developer tool)
content	others	  Technology Used: Java, XML, SQLite
content	others	  Responsibilities:
content	others	a.  Developed the Code & Design part as per the requirements.
content	others	b.  Handled different types of issues.
content	others	c.  Handled the back end also.
content	project	Android Forensic Master
meta	others	  Period: July 2018 to October 2014
content	others	  Description:
content	project	a.  Looks for the forensic artefacts of Cloud applications in mobile storage.
content	project	b.  Identifies the artefacts and present them to user.
meta	others	  Environment: Linux OS & Code Blocks IDE.
content	others	  Technology Used: C Language.
content	others	  Responsibilities:
content	others	a.  Developed the Code & Design part as per the requirements.
content	others	b.  Handled different types of issues.
header	knowledge	RESEARCH WORK
content	knowledge	Title: Forensic Investigation of Cloud Applications
content	others	Responsibilities
content	others	  Setting up the environment to carry out the research.
content	others	  Selecting the Cloud applications and performed all necessary operations on them.
content	others	  Looking for the artefacts of interest which will validate our research.
content	others	  Present our finding to make our argument concrete.
header	knowledge	COMPUTER SKILLS
content	knowledge	  C & C++
content	knowledge	  Java
content	knowledge	  Android
content	knowledge	  Python (numpy, Pandas, scikit)
content	knowledge	  C#
content	knowledge	  HTML & CSS
content	knowledge	  Machine Learning
header	others	LANGUAGES
content	others	English (Fluent), Urdu (Fluent), Kashmiri (Fluent), Hindi (Conversation)
header	others	INTERESTS AND HOBBIES
content	others	Travel,  Music,  Cricketer,  badminton,  Meeting  and  interacting  with  people  from  diverse  cultural
content	others	backgrounds.
