content	others	Talib Zaz
content	others	Software Engineer
content	others	mtalibzaz@gmail.com | Sk Colony Sector 1, Qamarwari | Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, 190010 |
content	others	+91 990 669 6262
header	others	Summary
content	others	Self-motivated, hardworking and energetic software engineer with nearly 1 year experience, seeking for an
content	others	opportunity to work in a challenging environment to hone my skills as a developer.
header	education	Education
content	education	University of Kashmir, Srinagar
content	education	Btech CSE, Graduated
content	education	Tyndale Biscoe School, Srinagar
content	education	Higher Secondary, Graduated
header	project	Employment History
meta	others	November 2017
meta	others	October 2012
content	others	Cenedex Software Solutions
content	experience	.Net Intern
content	education	started learning basics of .net and worked on company's MVC project called GateHouse.
content	knowledge	worked on bug fixes and mostly UI fixes of the product.
content	knowledge	used jQuery and ajax extensively.
content	others	January 2018 - April 2018
content	others	Graphic Weave
content	experience	Software Engineer Intern
meta	others	was hired as trainee and learnt various technologies.
content	project	created several mini-projects which were reviewed by the senior developer.
content	others	Graphic Weave
content	experience	Back-end Developer
content	others	May 2018 - July 2018
content	others	August 2018 - Present
content	experience	Hired as back-end programmer to build the projects and write server side code for web and mobile applications. I
content	experience	work on distributed systems employing micro services architecture and continuous integration. I build the project
content	experience	from scratch use Make to build the projects and dockerize them so that they can be easily deployed on the server.
content	project	Eventackle | An event management portal
content	project	Developed the entire admin panel for the system. Implemented Iris web framework in Go and designed
content	knowledge	server in GraphQL.
content	project	Used MySQL and ArangoDB clients for Go to store the data in database.
content	knowledge	Used Amplitude analytics for statistics and analysis.
content	project	The overall project is distributed and in order to communicate with other servers  i used RPC client for
content	knowledge	Golang called gRPC-Go.
content	knowledge	Used Oliver-elastic, elastic search client for Go for searching purposes.
content	experience	Dockerized the admin panel and deployed the same on digital ocean server.
content	experience	Also helped the front-end team with code integration in Vuejs.
content	project	Lingva App | Mobile App
content	experience	wrote the server side code for the mobile application in Go using Gorilla mux router and GraphQL server. The app
content	others	enables the parents to get their wards school reports and various notifications from school / teacher. Used the
content	experience	GORM library in Golang to store the app data in MySQL database.
content	project	Eventackle App | Mobile App
content	project	currently working on mobile app for Eventackle Web. Developed the entire project from scratch using Iris
content	experience	Framework and Gqlgen graphQL library. Fetched data from web app servers using gRPC.
header	knowledge	Languages and Technologies
content	knowledge	Golang              ★★★★
content	knowledge	GraphQL           ★★★★
content	knowledge	JavaScript        ★★★
content	knowledge	Vuejs                   ★★★
content	knowledge	SQL                      ★★★
content	knowledge	ArangoDB          ★★★★
content	knowledge	Redis                    ★★
content	knowledge	RethinkDB          ★★★
content	knowledge	Docker                 ★★★
content	knowledge	gRPC                    ★★★★
content	knowledge	Linux OS             ★★★
content	knowledge	ElasticSearch    ★★★
content	knowledge	Web Presence
content	others	LinkedIn         https://www.linkedin.com/in/talib-zaz/
content	others	Github             https://github.com/talibzaz
