content	others	Tariq Ahmad sheikh
content	others	Phone no:+91-7006801563
content	others	E-mail id.: tariqsheikh219@gmail.com
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	Looking towards to achieve a challenging, dynamic and responsible position in an environment where I can Contribute my skills acquired during my period of experience that strives for overall Development of the Organization and myself., Being Part of a team having will to learn, would like to work in a condition that increase my strengths, ultimately leading to the value additions and organizational Goals To achieve a challenging, dynamic and responsible position in an environment where I can Contribute my skills acquired during my period of experience that strives for overall Development of the Organization and myself.
header	others	Summary
content	experience	Having Overall 1 year and 7 month of experience in Installations, Deployments, Maintenance and Troubleshooting in Infrastructure as Linux, VMware VSphere/ESX System Maintenance VMware VSphere ESXi and vSAN.
header	knowledge	Technical Skills
content	knowledge	Administration of VMware ESX, ESXi Servers using vCenter Server.
content	knowledge	Configuring High Availability (HA), Distributed Resource Scheduler (DRS), Distributed Power Management (DPM) and vNetwork Distributed Switch (VDS).
content	knowledge	Configuring and management of Datastore using vSAN (FC SAN, iSCSI SAN and NFS-based).
content	knowledge	vSAN: Deploy and Manage
content	experience	Documented the client's existing infrastructure, technological assets and capabilities using tools like VMware Operations manager.
content	experience	Supporting virtual Infrastructure comprising of 500+ VMware ESX/ESXi servers.
content	experience	Migration and consolidation of Physical and Virtual Servers from one datacenter to other datacenter using VMware vCenter Converter Plate Spin Migrate.
content	experience	Installed, Configured and administered ESX 5.0/5.1/5.5/6.0/6.5 on HP Blade servers using HP onboard administrator for the HP Blade C7000 chassis & enclosures.
content	experience	Creation of standard Virtual Machines and templates for VMware ESX, Lab Manager & Workstation.
content	experience	Responsible for Backup/recovery strategy of all ESX servers. Planning and implementing fault tolerance and strategies for backup and restoring files on the network.
content	knowledge	Operating System
content	knowledge	VMware VSphere/ESXi
content	knowledge	Red Hat Linux
content	knowledge	Hypervisor
content	knowledge	Microsoft Windows
header	education	Professional Details
header	experience	Engagement History
header	others	Working Experience
content	others	Organization: Wipro Limited
content	experience	Designation: Project Engineer
content	others	Duration: 30th March 2017 to Till Date
header	experience	Roles and Responsibilities
content	experience	As a team member, I am responsible for providing solution as per below mentioned critical matrix.
content	experience	Installation, configuration, and administration of VMware ESXi and VMware virtual center.
content	experience	Installation, Configuration, Administration and troubleshooting for VMware ESX servers.
content	experience	Creation and deletion of Snapshots of Virtual Machines.
content	experience	Hot and Cold Cloning of Virtual Machines.
content	experience	P2V, V2V using VMware Converter.
content	experience	Move Virtual Machines between Host (VMotion) and Datastore (SVMotion) as per requirement.
content	experience	Creating Clusters for High Availability and Dynamic Resource Scheduling.
content	experience	Adding and Removing hosts from clusters.
content	experience	Creation of Virtual Switches, Ports and Port groups (Management Network, VMkernel for VMotion & Virtual Machine).
content	experience	Creating vmfs Datastores by using the LUNs assigned by SAN.
content	experience	Creating and managing Virtual Machines and Deploy VM from Templates.
content	experience	VM resources allocation and deallocation
content	experience	Install VM tools in Guest OS/VM
content	experience	Troubleshooting on All Unix OS relates to OS performance, NIC card, Network issue
content	experience	OS level troubleshooting based on all physical or virtual production or pre-production servers.
content	experience	Working on Volume manager like LVM, SVM & Vxvm on all Unix box.
content	experience	Troubleshooting User Login problems and Server Booting Problems in Linux OS.
header	education	Academic Profile
header	education	Education
content	education	MCA (Master of computer Applications ) completed from Visvesvaraya Technological University (Karnataka)
content	experience	VSP - HCI (Hyper-Converged Infrastructure 2017)
content	experience	VTSP - HCI (Hyper-Converged Infrastructure 2017)
header	others	Personal Details
content	others	Father’s Name: GH Mohammad Sheikh
content	others	Sex: Single
content	others	Marital Status: Married
content	others	Language: English, Hindi, Urdu
content	others	Nationality: Indian
content	others	Passport: Yes (Valid upto 21/12/2026)
