header	others	CURRICULUM VITAE
content	others	MUZAFFAR MAQBOOL
content	others	Buchwara Dalgate Srinagar 190001
content	others	Jammu and Kashmir , India
content	others	+91 9906662190 / +91 7006724007
content	others	09 – Apr - 1992
content	others	muzaffarmaqbool@live.com
content	others	MUZAFFAR MAQBOOL
header	others	OBJECTIVE
content	others	To partake in the growth and success of the company I work for. Also I want to become
content	others	a valuable person the company and work for an organization which provides me the
content	others	opportunity to improve my skills and knowledge to growth along with the organization
content	others	objective.
header	knowledge	SKILLS & ABILITIES
content	others	• Ability to Work Independently and Within Groups
content	knowledge	• Java, PHP and Android Programming Experience
content	knowledge	• Design, Test, and Develop Software/Applications to Meet User Needs
content	experience	• Document Application Process for Future Maintenance and Upgrades
content	knowledge	• Hands-On Software Troubleshooting Experience
content	knowledge	• Maintain User Manuals and Training Materials
content	knowledge	• Share Knowledge and Expertise with Fellow Team Members
content	knowledge	• Understand Software Design Patterns
content	knowledge	• Knowledge of  Social media
content	knowledge	• User Interface / User Experience
content	knowledge	• Solid Understanding of Company’s Needs
content	knowledge	• Revise Programs for Corrections, Enhancements, or Environment Changes
content	others	LEADERSHIP
content	experience	I know how to handle a team, motivate them to work at their best and give their best
content	others	performance. As a leader I know how to create a good bond between a leader and a
content	others	team.
header	experience	EXPERIENCE
content	project	Prism Creationz.
content	experience	Web Developer                                                          From 15-10-2018 -- Present
content	experience	Responsible for development & management of web applications for the
content	others	department.
content	knowledge	• Actively worked in an agile software development environment.
content	experience	Communicating with clients to determine specific requirements and
content	others	expectations.
content	experience	• Delivering and implementing project as per scheduled milestone.
content	experience	Heavens InfoTech Pvt Ltd.
content	experience	Android Developer                                                           From 10-1-2018 to 10-05-2018
content	experience	• Developed and designed Android  Apps for the company.
content	experience	• Wrote clean, clear, efficient, well-tested, and maintainable code.
content	experience	Ensure applications are properly integrated with Android APIs.
content	others	Interface Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
content	experience	Web Developer                                                               From 6-11-2012 to 10-02-2017
content	experience	• Developed new and customized existing projects using a variety of
content	knowledge	technologies, languages (Php, Java, JQuery and JavaScript).
content	experience	• Mentoring team members in development and technical progression.
content	experience	• Worked with Database’s like MS-SQL Server, MySQL and SQLite.
content	experience	• Defined best practice for project support and documentation.
content	experience	Cooperating and communicating with team members for better and efficient
content	others	team management and work.
header	others	EDUCATION
content	education	BSC-IT                                                                                                                     2015
content	education	Himalayan University (Itanagar Arunachal Pradesh , India )
content	education	GNIIT (SOFTWARE ENGINEERING)                                                                    2015
content	educaton	NIIT (Residency Road, Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India)
content	education	DCA (DIPLOMA IN COMPUTER APPLICATIONS)                                             2013
content	education	Shridhar University (Pilani Rajasthan, India )
content	education	CCC (COURSE ON COMPUTER CONCEPTS)                                                       2011
content	education	DOEACC (Srinagar Jammu and Kashmir, India )
content	education	12TH                                                                                                                           2010
content	education	Tyndale Biscoe School (Srinagar Jammu and Kashmir, India)
content	education	10TH                                                                                                                           2008
content	education	Tyndale Biscoe School (Srinagar Jammu and Kashmir, India)
header	others	COMMUNICATION
content	others	British English
content	others	• Hindi
content	others	• Urdu
content	others	Arabic (Basic)
content	others	CONTACT
content	others	muzaffarmaqbool@live.com
content	others	Buchwara Dalgate Srinagar 190001
content	others	Jammu and Kashmir, India
content	others	+91-9906662190 / +91-7006724007
