content	others	Mohd Ibrahim Mir /ibrahimmir11
content	others	Mob. +91-7780980889 /princemir11
content	others	E-Mail – /ibrahimmir11
content	others	Looking for a full time position in an environment that offers a greater challenge, increased benefits for my family, and the opportunity to help the company advance efficiently and productively.
header	experience	Eight months of working Experience in Tech Mahindra, Hyderabad as an Associate Proofreader. (Oct., 2016 - May, 2017). Role: I was supposed to check the Artworks against the reference documents which were provided, using the required tools and techniques to flag the markups if available.
content	others	Big Data and Hadoop Developer Certified from Edureka () with Grade A.
content	knowledge	Operating Systems : Windows OS’s and Mac.
header	knowledge	Programming Languages : C, C++, C#, .NET, HTML5, JAVA.
content	knowledge	Databases : MS-SQL Server 2005-2012, MS-Access.
content	project	1. Project Name : Center Management System (BCA)
content	experience	Role : Designer, Developer
content	others	Duration : Mar 2009-Dec 2009.
content	knowledge	Technology Used : VB, MS-Access.
content	project	Description : This system is basically designed for private institutes or coaching classes. It includes course enquiry, admission details & fee calculation. In this system various kinds of reports are automatically generated.
content	project	2. Project name : Deadlock (MCA) Duration : July 2012-Nov 2012. Role : Designer, Developer. Technology used : C++ with Graphics Description : A system showing how processes create a Deadlock during processing. First we are checking if the system is in SAFE State. 3. Project name : Hospital Management System (MCA)
content	others	Duration : July 2013--Nov 2013.
content	experience	Role : Designer, Developer.
content	knowledge	Technologies used : VB.net, Oracle 10g.
content	others	Description : proposed system stores detailed information of doctors (visiting, non-visiting), patients & also staff members of the hospital. It calculates the bill for patients, salary of doctors & staff and charges for visiting doctors. Report generation is also there.
content	project	4. Project Name : Knowledge Management System (MCA)
content	others	Duration : March 2014- June 2014
content	experience	Role : Designer, Developer
content	knowledge	Technology Used : JAVA ,SQL Server 2005.
content	project	Description : Proposed system stores detailed information of project related document. All the data will be maintained at central location in relational database. Every user will be given user-id to log-in system, where he can log document, update the document and store the document. Readily upload the latest updates, allows user to download the alerts & to share the documents.
content	others	Name : Mohd Ibrahim Mir
content	others	Parentage : Ab Hamid Mir.
content	others	Address : Adipora Sopore, Baramulla, J&K - 193201
content	others	Birth Date : 29/10/1989
content	others	Languages : Urdu, Hindi, English, Kashmiri
content	others	I here declare that all statements made in this application are true, complete and correct to the best of knowledge and belief.
content	others	DATE : 09-11-2018
content	others	Place : Kashmir Mohd Ibrahim Mir.
