content	others	PEER MUSADIQ JALAL
content	others	MAKDDOMI
content	education	BSC.IT, MCA
content	others	Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir
content	others	Email:  musadiq.jalal@gmail.com
content	others	Phone: +91-9070149483
content	others	Skype:  musadiq.jalal
content	others	linkedin.com/in/musadiq-jalal-87845191
content	others	A  highly  motivated  and  hardworking  individual,  versatile  Computer
content	others	Professional  with  enhanced  skills  seeking  a  challenging  position  to
content	others	contribute  skills  as  computer  science  professional,  possessing
content	others	competent  management  and  technical  skills. Ability  to  work  in  fast-
content	others	paced,  challenging  environment  and  capable  of  effectively  dealing
content	others	with  a  culturally  diverse  customer  base  along  with  an  ability  to
content	others	effectively  troubleshoot  and  efficiently  solve  problems.  Mechanically
content	others	minded, with a methodical approach to working and an eagerness to
content	others	learn and develop personal skills in a practical setting. Eventual career
content	others	goal  is  to  become  a  fully-qualified  and  experienced  Software
content	others	Developer,  with  the  longer-term  aspiration  of  moving  into  Project
content	others	Management.
header	project	PROJECTS WORKED ON
content	project	We have devised a novel drowsiness detection system for drivers/pilots
content	project	using  OpenCV  computer  vision  library.  The  system  so  developed  is
content	others	efficiently able to detect drowsiness based on eye related parameters
content	others	by monitoring the blink rate and calculating the vertical and horizontal
content	others	eye ratio and comparing it to the threshold value. Till date, there has
content	others	not  been  a  stable  real  time  product  incorporated  in  cars  running  on
content	others	roads or air planes. The proposed system can suitably be ported onto a
content	others	high  speed  automotive  board  and  be  used  in  cars  and  aerospace
content	others	vehicles. The camera used to capture the feed designed to cater to the
content	others	dim or no light conditions around the driver which can be achieved by
content	others	some additional hardware like led’s. The economics involved in building
content	others	a  real  time  product  will  also  be  reasonable  considering  the  car  and
content	others	aerospace vehicles manufacturing costs. The hit rate for the proposed
content	others	work  was  compared  to  previous  experiments  conducted  on  different
content	others	platforms and proved to be efficient then those.
header	education	EDUCATION
content	education	Senior Secondary Non Medical, Medical
content	education	Iqbal Memorial Institute
content	others	October 2008 - December 2010
content	education	BSc. IT
content	education	University of Kashmir
content	others	June 2011 – March 2015
content	education	MCA
content	education	University of Kashmir
content	others	August 2015 - Present
header	knowledge	Core Competencies
content	knowledge	Knowledge of Machine
content	knowledge	Learning.
content	knowledge	Experience with handling
content	knowledge	several types of datasets.
content	knowledge	• GUI development using
content	knowledge	Python.
content	knowledge	Familiar with ERP’s.
content	knowledge	Basic knowledge of object
content	knowledge	detection using machine
content	knowledge	learning.
content	others	Platforms
content	knowledge	Python 2.7, 3.7
content	knowledge	• Open CV
content	knowledge	Familiar with facial
content	knowledge	recognition with machine
content	knowledge	learning.
content	knowledge	Also worked on Human
content	knowledge	Computer Interaction.
content	knowledge	Knowledge of HTML, CSS, PhP
content	knowledge	and Javascript.
content	others	Basic knowledge of
content	knowledge	bootstrap.
content	knowledge	Basic knowledge of MS Office
content	knowledge	and LATEX.
content	knowledge	Knowledge of Core Java and
content	others	some other programming
content	others	languages.
header	knowledge	Skills
content	others	Excellent Communication
content	others	(written/ verbal) skills in
content	others	almost all major languages.
content	others	Experience with content/
content	others	technical writing techniques.
content	others	Experienced in handling &
content	others	management of back to back
content	others	projects with less time-
content	others	frames
content	others	Advanced problem solving
content	others	and numeracy skills.
content	others	Accomplished communication
content	others	skills, both written and
content	others	verbal, developed through
content	others	numerous essays and
content	others	presentations given during
content	others	my time at college as well as
content	others	in school.
content	others	Ability to take the initiative
content	others	and work well under
content	others	pressure, ensuring strict
content	others	deadlines are met, as
content	others	successfully demonstrated
content	others	during work experience
content	others	placement project.
content	others	Flexibility, whilst maintaining
content	others	enthusiasm and commitment
content	others	to each project.
