content	others	MUDASIR HUSSAIN
content	others	Email: mudsr6july@gmail.com / mudsrhussain@yahoo.com
content	others	Phone: (M) +919596553412,+919419065883
header	experience	IT SOFTWARE TESTING & QUALITY ASSURANCE—4 + YEARS
header	experience	PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
content	experience	  An IT Professional with 4+ years of experience in Software Testing,  Training, Quality Assurance, SDLC, STLC, defect tracking
content	experience	and reporting
content	experience	  An  active  contribution  in  the  design,  development,  testing,  troubleshooting  &  debugging  of  the  process,  post-
content	experience	implementation, application maintenance and enhancement support to the client for the product/software application
content	experience	  Expertise in understanding requirement, creating open questions document, test plan, test design & review, QA/UAT testing
content	experience	and production deployment
content	experience	  Special proficiency in preparing test data, executing test cases, recording test results, maintaining defects and preparing test
content	experience	status reports
content	experience	  Adroit in identifying Test Scenarios and preparing Test Scripts using Automation test tools; Recognized for implementing
content	experience	automation testing for major products of BQE Software Inc. (www.bqe.com)
content	experience	Improve quality; reduce defects by supporting best quality practices & implement effective process improvement methods
content	others	  Cohesive Team Player with Fast Learning Curve along with strong analytical, problem-solving, innovation and planning
content	others	  Highly  articulate,  demonstrating  excellent  relationship  building,  communication  and  interpersonal  skills  across  all  levels
content	others	including management, employees and external agencies
content	knowledge	  Have sound knowledge and understanding of QA Processes, STLC and SDLC.
content	knowledge	Implement and develop automated test practices for both web and windows applications primarily using Visual Studio’s
content	knowledge	Coded UI module for both web and windows applications.
content	experience	  Design  and  create  test  scripts  using  C#  and/or  VB.NET  to  address  areas  such  as  database  impacts,  software  scenarios,
content	experience	regression testing, negative testing, error or bug retests, or usability in preparation for implementation.
content	experience	Identify, analyze, and document problems with program function, output, online screen, or content.
content	knowledge	  Plan test schedules or strategies in accordance with project scope/delivery dates.
content	experience	  Participate in product design reviews to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules, or potential
content	others	problems.
content	experience	  Demonstrates accuracy, thoroughness, and attention to detail at all times.
content	experience	  Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Applies feedback to improve performance; Monitors own work to ensure
content	others	quality.
content	experience	  Pursues training and development opportunities; Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; Shares expertise with
content	others	others.
content	experience	  Meets productivity standards; Completes work in a timely manner; Strives to increase productivity; Works quickly.
content	experience	  Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work;
content	experience	Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention.
content	experience	  A team leader: Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; Gives and
content	experience	welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build
content	others	morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed.
header	others	AREAS OF EXPERTISE INCLUDE...
content	knowledge	Software Testing
content	knowledge	Test Case Preparation & Execution
content	knowledge	Quality Assurance & Control
content	knowledge	Project Planning & Execution
content	knowledge	Requirement Gathering
content	knowledge	Developing Test Plans
content	knowledge	Test Automation
content	knowledge	Test Scripts Execution & Reporting
content	knowledge	Bug Reporting
content	knowledge	Defect Management
content	knowledge	Test Case Management
content	knowledge	Client Coordination
header	knowledge	Databases:
content	knowledge	Microsoft Technologies:
content	knowledge	Java Technologies:
content	knowledge	CI and Deployment
content	knowledge	Testing Tools:
content	knowledge	Tracking Tools:
content	knowledge	Web Technologies:
header	knowledge	TECHNICAL SKILLS
content	knowledge	Oracle, MS-Access, MySQL, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, Other Databases
content	knowledge	C#, VB.Net, SQL, ASP, VBScript, VB 6.0, Qt, HTML, C++, C
content	knowledge	Java
content	knowledge	Team City, TFS
content	knowledge	NUnit, Selenium, SOAPUI, JMeter, Fiddler,Ranorex,Microsoft Test Manager, Postman
content	knowledge	Jira, Mantis, Seapine TestTrack Pro.
content	knowledge	Ajax, PHP, J-query, CSS, XML, JSP, Java Script, ASP, VBScript, HTML5
content	knowledge	Open Source Technologies  Apache Server, MYSQL
header	knowledge	Utility Software:
content	knowledge	Systems:
content	knowledge	MS Office, MS Visio
content	knowledge	Windows (10, 8, 7, 9X, NT, 2000/2008 Server, XP), UNIX/LINUX
header	others	ACHIEVEMENTS
content	knowledge	  Recognized for designing & implementing UI test automation of Web Based Software, WebSuite and ArchiOffice using
content	knowledge	Selenium and NUnit.
content	experience	Efficiently leading a team of 3 and overseeing implementation of test automation of MVC4 cloud based application
content	experience	Logged bug for Google Assistant where if a user sends  WhatsApp message to iPhone user via Google Assistant, Last seen
content	others	stamp never works.
content	experience	Logged bug for iCloud  Apple where if we get an email from Apple support it was displayed with HTML tags.
content	experience	Logged bug for iOS Apple where Emoji were not working on standby phone mode.
content	experience	Logged bug for WhatsApp messenger where search box was not working in starred messages on iOS.
content	experience	Logged bug for WhatsApp messenger where repeated messages are displayed to a user where you are not participant
content	others	anymore in a Group in iOS.
content	experience	Logged bug for WhatsApp messenger where if you forward same message more than one time only one time it was getting
content	others	displayed on iOS.
content	experience	Logged bug for Hike messenger where if we click passbook and go to home screen and then come back, Hike messenger
content	others	gets locked.
header	experience	EMPLOYMENT
content	experience	SDET –Quality Assurance, BQE SOFTWARE INC., J&K, India (www.bqe.com)
header	others	Key Deliverables
content	others	Since  May 2015
content	others	Efficiently develop and execute plans for Security and Penetration test
content	experience	  Accountable for preparing Test Scenarios, designing Test Cases for modules integration and system testing
content	experience	  Accountable for developing Automated Functional Tests using QTP/UFT and Performance tests via JMeter
content	experience	  Recognized for developing  automated
content	experience	  Tests of Cloud-Based MVC4 Application in C# NUnit Framework and SQL
content	experience	  Tests of web applications using Selenium
content	experience	  Performance tests via JMeter
content	knowledge	  Used several schemas and data comparison tools like Dtm, Dbdiff, RedGate for executing database conversion tests
content	experience	Expertise in  performing automation of Cloud-Based Applications developed in C# -MVC4 using the NUnit Framework
content	experience	Skilled in performing Black Box and White Box testing of Cloud, Mobile, web-based and Desktop Applications and also
content	experience	execute automation test of web based applications using Sahi
content	experience	  Responsible for programming, debugging and unit testing software modules according to the module specifications &
content	knowledge	SRS
content	experience	  Responsibe for CI of the software project using Team City and TFS.
content	experience	Proactively  update  Team  Lead  &  Project  Manager  on  progress,issues  &  plan  further  developments  during  regular
content	others	meetings
content	experience	  Work closely with the testing team for bug fixing and also track/respond to the defects on the tracking system
content	experience	  Hands on experience in preparing prototypes using  latest  technologies, explain pros & cons to the team and integrate
content	experience	the same in the system
content	others	  Accountable for communicating and  maintaining documents of the changes and additions to the software modules
header	experience	Test Engineer, TECHMUTNAUQ TECHNOLOGIES, J&K, India (www.techmutnauq.com)
content	others	July’14 –April’15
content	othexperienceers	Preparation of Test Scenarios and Execution of Test Cases
content	experience	Performed Automated Tests on System Modules
header	project	PROJECTS HANDLED:
header	project	1) Archioffice-(May 2015 – Mar 2016):
content	project	ArchiOffice is a project management solution for architects. It is networkable, multi-user, device-agnostic software. It
content	others	was created by architects, for architects, and has continued to evolve  to meet  the needs  of a growing worldwide
content	others	customer base. ArchiOffice takes all the disparate pieces of information in your office and organizes them in a most
content	others	remarkable  way  by  offering  solutions  such  as  contact  management,  document  management,  task  and  project
content	others	management, time and expense tracking, billing and reporting.
header	project	2)BillQuick-(May 2015-Jan 2017):
content	project	BillQuick is a time and expense tracking, billing, project and business management solution.Initially used by
content	others	architects and engineers, BillQuick has grown to be adopted by every type of service professional. Consultants,
content	others	programmers, accountants, attorneys, contractors, etc. have all discovered the unmatched features and flexibility of
content	project	BillQuick and made it their time billing solution. Virtually any company that tracks hours for job costing (and payroll)
content	others	or bills by fixed fee, recurring amount, hourly, cost plus and variations will find strong value in BillQuick.
header	project	3)WEBSUITE-(July 2015-To Present):
content	project	Web Suite is an Internet or Intranet based program that extends the reach of BillQuick by allowing remote users to
content	others	track their time and expenses, do billing, manage projects and business, run reports and so on. It uses the latest
content	others	Microsoft® ASP.Net technology and is compatible with browsers such as Safari, Mozilla Firefox, and Internet Explorer
content	others	for Windows® computers and Mac. The program links directly to your Web Suite Access or SQL Server database. The
content	others	procedure is safe and can be setup on a secured server.Web Suite provides the main time and expense tracking,
content	others	billing, project management, and reporting functionality. Using Internet browsers, you have the ability to create and
content	others	review profiles of your activities, expenses, employees, clients and projects. This program enables you to log your
content	others	time and expenses, submit and approve the entries, review and modify your invoices, etc. It's reporting, settings and
content	others	preferences modules are a powerful and useful tool for project managers, company administrators and principals of
content	others	a firm. This definitely helps in increasing the efficiency and productivity of any business concern. You are also able to
content	others	implement Web Suite security settings and custom labels.
header	project	4)Core-(Jan 2016-To Present): Core is a smart online business management solution for the professional services
content	others	industry. It is a cloud-based, SaaS (software as a service) solution that handles all the Core functions of your
content	others	company including time and expense tracking, project management, billing, accounting and reporting. Your data is
content	others	always on the cloud with no local storage, whether you are using it from your desktop browser, laptop, mobile
content	others	phone or tablet. With Core, you do not have to worry about software installation or backups. Giving you access
content	others	anywhere through the Internet, it allows you to focus on your business instead of the technology aspects of hosting
content	others	and managing a web-based application on your own servers. Implementation of Core is the right step towards
content	others	increasing your business productivity and investing in technology that helps manage your business.
content	others	Core is built using the latest technology and it integrates with other cutting-edge software and mobile technologies
content	others	that have APIs. It uses Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service to generate reports and invoices.
header	project	ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
header	project	Project#1:
header	others	Role:
header	knowledge	Technology used:
content	project	Vehicle Registration System
content	knowledge	SRS,Database Designer
content	knowledge	Frontend: VB 6.0 Backend: SQL Server
header	project	Project#2:
header	others	Role:
header	knowledge	Technology used:
header	others	Description:
header	others	Project#3:
header	others	Role:
header	knowledge	Technology used:
content	project	Mobile Store
content	knowledge	SRS, Database Designer,Programmer
content	knowledge	Frontend: C#.NET Backend Support: Microsoft Access 2003 / 2007
content	project	A Shopping Portal for Mobile Phones
content	project	Kashmir House
content	knowledge	SRS, Database Designer,Programmer
content	knowledge	Frontend: C#.NET Backend Support (DB): MS-Access
header	others	Description:
content	project	It’s an electronic – Kashmiri Shawls, Carpets market. The project bridges the gap by providing an online
content	others	marketplace for the Kashmiri Handicraft and dealers of Kashmir valley to reach  to  the  larger  markets
content	others	around the world.
content	project	E-Gas Seva
header	others	Project#4::
header	others	Role:                                       SRS,Database Designer,Programmer
header	knowledge	Technology used:
header	others	Description:
content	knowledge	Frontend: C#.NET Backend Support (DB): SQL-Server
content	project	E-Gas Seva is the Online Version of Shopping of Gas Products.
content	education	  MCA (Software Development) from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University in 2014 with 73.88%
content	education	BCA  from Caset College, Kashmir University in 2011 with 65%
header	education	ACADEMIC & TRAINING
header	others	Date of Birth:
header	others	Languages Known:
header	others	Address:
header	others	References:
header	others	PERSONAL MINUTIAE
content	others	22nd August 1989
content	others	English, Urdu, Hindi & Kashmiri
content	others	House No 300/301, Sector 1/B, Bemina, Srinagar, J&K, India
content	others	Will be pleased to furnish upon request
content	others	(MUDASIR HUSSAIN)
