content	others	Mohammad Taha Hussain Bhat +91-9596413223
header	others	Career Objective
content	others	Eager to work in a challenging environment to prove my skills and utilize my knowledge to succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides job satisfaction and self-development and helps me achieve personal as well as organizational goals.
header	knowledge	Key Skills
content	knowledge	Cloud Platform: Azure Administration (IAAS & PAAS)
content	knowledge	Working knowledge of Azure cloud computing environment.
content	knowledge	Working knowledge of Azure IaaS, Provisioning VM’s, Virtual Hard disks, Virtual Networks.
content	knowledge	Working knowledge of Creating Storage, Backup.
content	knowledge	Working knowledge of creating and managing of VM machines and setting up of availability set, load balancers.
content	knowledge	Create and Manage blob, File storage accounts
content	knowledge	Working Knowledge of ARM Templates.
content	knowledge	Working Knowledge of Docker Containers, and setting up of docker swarm.
content	knowledge	Working Knowledge of Git Source Control, Git Bash, Git Branching and Branch Policies.
content	knowledge	Working Knowledge of setting up of CI/CD using Azure DevOps build and release pipelines.
content	knowledge	Working Knowledge of setting up of CI/CD using Jenkins.
header	knowledge	Skills
content	knowledge	C#, PowerShell, Azure, Jenkins, Docker, Git, MS Unit Tests
header	others	TOOLS
content	knowledge	VS Code, VS 2017, Git Bash, Azure Storage Explorer.
header	project	Academic Project
content	project	Title: Embedded Web Server. Languages Used: Java, C in Aurdino. Platform Used: Aurdino Based Platform.
content	project	Details: This Project presents a low cost and flexible controlling/monitoring system using an embedded micro-web server, with IP connectivity for accessing and controlling devices and appliances remotely using a web-based application. The proposed system does not require a dedicated server PC with respect to similar systems and offers a novel communication protocol to monitor as well as control the remotely connected environments with more than just the switching functionality.
content	others	Strengths
content	others	Good communication skills.
content	others	Good knowledge of Core subjects
content	others	Ability to grasp the new skills quickly.
content	others	Hard-working.
header	others	Academic Qualification
header	others	Personal Profile
content	others	Name : Mohammad Taha Hussain Bhat
content	others	Father’s Name : Ashaq Hussain Bhat
content	others	Date of Birth : 10 September 1991.
content	others	Languages know : English, Urdu, Hindi and Kashmiri.
