content	others	SHAFAUTH MANZOOR
content	others	MOMINABAD  BATAMALOO,
content	others	SRINAGAR.
header	others	KEY STRENGHTS
content	others	A firm believer in hard work,
content	others	open to all kinds of
content	others	challenges.
content	others	Job commitment.
content	others	Leadership skills, ability to
content	others	influence and handle people
content	others	Self-confidence.
content	others	Hardworking, quick
content	others	grasping power dedicated
content	others	and devoted. Teamwork.
content	others	Good at practical.
content	others	Fun loving and easy going.
content	others	PHONE
content	others	+918491811354/
content	others	9906695250
header	others	EMAIL
content	others	smanzoor93@gmail.com
header	others	PERSONAL DETAILS
content	others	Father’s Name: Late Manzoor
content	others	Ahmad Khan
content	others	Mother’s Name: Mehmooda Akhter
content	others	Date of Birth     : 10/04/1993
content	others	Gender
content	others	: Female
header	education	EDUCATION
meta	others	Course
header	education	Institute name
content	education	University/Board
content	education	M.Sc. IT
content	education	University of Kashmir
content	education	University of Kashmir
content	education	MTTM
content	education	Govt. Degree College Sopore
content	education	IGNOU
content	education	B.Sc (Non-Med)  S.P College
content	education	University of Kashmir
content	education	BTS
content	education	S. P College
content	education	IGNOU
meta	others	TECHNICAL
header	others	SKILLS
content	knowledge	  Six months basic computer course
content	knowledge	  AutoCAD
header	others	CAREER OBJECTIVE
content	others	  To work in a competitive and challenging working environment.
content	others	  To contributes to the best of ability towards the growth of the
content	others	Organization.
content	others	  To fully utilize my interpersonal and academic skills and thereby.
content	others	  Learning continuously to purse a rewarding career.
header	projects	PROJECTS
content	project	  Diabetes Prediction System.
content	project	Impact of 2016 Unrest on Marketing of Tourism Destination with special
content	project	reference to Gulmarg.
content	project	  A study of cultural tourism and socio-economic Features of people of
content	project	tehsil Handwara.
content	project	  Scope of Wildlife Tourism in Kashmir. “A case study of Dachigam
content	project	National Park”.
content	others	Nationality        :   Indian
content	others	Languages         : English,urdu,Hindi
content	others	&  Kashmiri
header	others	DECLARATION
content	others	I, hereby declare that the above given information is true to the best of my knowledge.
