content	Name	MUDASIR HUSSAIN
content	Personal	Email: mudsr6iuly@gmail.com / mudsrhussain@yahoo.com Phone: (M) +919596553412,+919419065883
content	Work/Experience	IT SOFTWARE TESTING & QUALITY ASSURANCE—4 + YEARS
header	Label	PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
content	Summary/Objective	An IT Professional with 4+ years of experience in Software Testing, Training, Quality Assurance, SDLC, STLC, defect tracking and reporting  An active contribution in the design, development, testing, troubleshooting & debugging of the process, post— implementation, application maintenance and enhancement support to the client for the product/software application Expertise in understanding requirement, creating open questions document, test plan, test design & review, QA/UAT testing and production deployment  Special proficiency in preparing test data, executing test cases, recording test results, maintaining defects and preparing test status reports  Adroit in identifying Test Scenarios and preparing Test Scripts using Automation test tools; Recognized for implementing automation testing for major products of BQE Software Inc. (www.bqe.com)  Improve quality; reduce defects by supporting best quality practices & implement effective process improvement methods Cohesive Team Player with Fast Learning Curve along with strong analytical, problem—solving, innovation and planning Highly articulate, demonstrating excellent relationship building, communication and interpersonal skills across all levels including management, employees and external agencies  Have sound knowledge and understanding of QA Processes, STLC and SDLC.  Implement and develop automated test practices for both web and windows applications primarily using Visual Studio’s Coded UI module for both web and windows applications.  Design and create test scripts using C# and/or VB.NET to address areas such as database impacts, software scenarios, regression testing, negative testing, error or bug retests, or usability in preparation for implementation.  Identify, analyze, and document problems with program function, output, online screen, or content.  Plan test schedules or strategies in accordance with project scope/delivery dates.  Participate in product design reviews to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules, or potential problems.  Demonstrates accuracy, thoroughness, and attention to detail at all times.  Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Applies feedback to improve performance; Monitors own work to ensure quality.  Pursues training and development opportunities; Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; Shares expertise with others.  Meets productivity standards; Completes work in a timely manner; Strives to increase productivity; Works quickly.  Displays original thinking and creativity; Meets challenges with resourcefulness; Generates suggestions for improving work; Develops innovative approaches and ideas; Presents ideas and information in a manner that gets others' attention.  A team leader: Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others' views; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed.
header	Label	AREAS OF EXPERTISE INCLUDE"
content	Work/Experience	Software Testing Quality Assurance & Control Project Planning & Execution  Requirement Gathering
content	Work/Experience	Test Case Preparation & Execution Developing Test Plans Test Automation Test Scripts Execution & Reporting
content	Work/Experience	Bug Reporting Defect Management Test Case Management Client Coordination
header	Label	TECHNICAL SKILLS
content	Knowledge/Skill	Oracle, MS—Access, MySQL, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, Other Databases C#, VB.Net, SQL, ASP, VBScript, VB 6.0, Qt, HTML, C++, C  Java  Team City, TFS NUnit, Selenium, SOAPUI, JMeter, Fidd|er,Ranorex,Microsoft Test Manager, Postman  Jira, Mantis, Seapine TestTrack Pro. Ajax, PHP, J—query, CSS, XML, JSP, Java Script, ASP, VBScript, HTML5
content	Knowledge/Skill	Databases:  Microsoft Technologies: Java Technologies:  CI and Deployment Testing Tools:  Tracking Tools:  Web Technologies:
content	Knowledge/Skill	Open Source Technologies  Apache Server, MYSQL     Utility Software:  MS Office, MS Visio        Systems:     Windows (10, 8, 7, 9X, NT, 2000/2008 Server, XP), UNIX/LINUX
content	Work/Experience	ACHIEVEMENTS  Recognized for designing & implementing UI test automation of Web Based Software, WebSuite and ArchiOffice using Selenium and NUnit.  Efficiently leading a team of 3 and overseeing implementation of test automation of MVC4 cloud based application Logged bug for Google Assistant where if a user sends WhatsApp message to iPhone user via Google Assistant, Last seen stamp never works.  Logged bug for iCloud Apple where if we get an email from Apple support it was displayed with HTML tags.  Logged bug for iOS Apple where Emoji were not working on standby phone mode.  Logged bug for WhatsApp messenger where search box was not working in starred messages on iOS.  Logged bug for WhatsApp messenger where repeated messages are displayed to a user where you are not participant anymore in a Group in iOS.  Logged bug for WhatsApp messenger where ifyou forward same message more than one time only one time it was getting displayed on iOS.  Logged bug for Hike messenger where if we click passbook and go to home screen and then come back, Hike messenger gets locked.
header	Label	EMPLOYMENT
content	Work/Experience	SDET —Quality Assurance, BQE SOFTWARE INC., J&K, India (www.bge.com)
content	Work/Experience	Since May 2015
content	Work/Experience	Key Deliverables  Accountable for preparing Test Scenarios, designing Test Cases for modules integration and system testing Efficiently develop and execute plans for Security and Penetration test Accountable for developing Automated Functional Tests using QTP/UFT and Performance tests via JMeter Recognized for developing automated  / Tests of Cloud—Based MVC4 Application in C# NUnit Framework and SQL  \/ Tests of web applications using Selenium  \/ Performance tests via JMeter Used several schemas and data comparison tools like Dtm, Dbdiff, RedGate for executing database conversion tests Expertise in performing automation of Cloud—Based Applications developed in C# -MVC4 using the NUnit Framework Skilled in performing Black Box and White Box testing of Cloud, Mobile, web-based and Desktop Applications and also execute automation test of web based applications using Sahi Responsible for programming, debugging and unit testing software modules according to the module specifications & SRS Responsibe for CI of the software project using Team City and TFS. Proactively update Team Lead & Project Manager on progress,issues & plan further developments during regular meetings Work closely with the testing team for bug fixing and also track/respond to the defects on the tracking system Hands on experience in preparing prototypes using latest technologies, explain pros & cons to the team and integrate the same in the system Accountable for communicating and maintaining documents of the changes and additions to the software modules
content	Work/Experience	Test Engineer, TECHMUTNAUQ TECHNOLOGIES, J&K, India (www.techmutnaug.com) July’14 —Apri|’15
content	Work/Experience	Preparation of Test Scenarios and Execution of Test Cases Performed Automated Tests on System Modules
header	Label	PROJECTS HANDLED:
content	Project	1) Archioffice—(May 2015 — Mar 2016):  ArchiOffice is a project management solution for architects. It is networkable, multi—user, device—agnostic software. It was created by architects, for architects, and has continued to evolve to meet the needs of a growing worldwide customer base. ArchiOffice takes all the disparate pieces of information in your office and organizes them in a most  remarkable way by offering solutions such as contact management, document management, task and project management, time and expense tracking, billing and reporting.
content	Project	2)Bi||Quick—(May 2015—Jan 2017):  BillQuick is a time and expense tracking, billing, project and business management solution.|nitial|y used by architects and engineers, BillQuick has grown to be adopted by every type of service professional. Consultants, programmers, accountants, attorneys, contractors, etc. have all discovered the unmatched features and flexibility of  BillQuick and made it their time billing solution. Virtually any company that tracks hours for job costing (and payroll) or bills by fixed fee, recurring amount, hourly, cost plus and variations will find strong value in BillQuick.
content	Project	3)WEBSUITE—(July 2015—To Present):  Web Suite is an Internet or Intranet based program that extends the reach of BillQuick by allowing remote users to track their time and expenses, do billing, manage projects and business, run reports and so on. It uses the latest Microsoft® ASP.Net technology and is compatible with browsers such as Safari, Mozilla Firefox, and Internet Explorer for Windows® computers and Mac. The program links directly to your Web Suite Access or SQL Server database. The procedure is safe and can be setup on a secured server.Web Suite provides the main time and expense tracking, billing, project management, and reporting functionality. Using Internet browsers, you have the ability to create and review profiles of your activities, expenses, employees, clients and projects. This program enables you to log your time and expenses, submit and approve the entries, review and modify your invoices, etc. It's reporting, settings and preferences modules are a powerful and useful tool for project managers, company administrators and principals of  a firm. This definitely helps in increasing the efficiency and productivity of any business concern. You are also able to implement Web Suite security settings and custom labels.
content	Project	4)Core—(Jan 2016—To Present): Core is a smart online business management solution for the professional services industry. It is a cloud—based, SaaS (software as a service) solution that handles all the Core functions of your company including time and expense tracking, project management, billing, accounting and reporting. Your data is always on the cloud with no local storage, whether you are using it from your desktop browser, laptop, mobile phone or tablet. With Core, you do not have to worry about software installation or backups. Giving you access anywhere through the Internet, it allows you to focus on your business instead of the technology aspects of hosting and managing a web—based application on your own servers. Implementation of Core is the right step towards increasing your business productivity and investing in technology that helps manage your business.  Core is built using the latest technology and it integrates with other cutting—edge software and mobile technologies that have APIs. It uses Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service to generate reports and invoices.
header	Label	ACADEMIC PROJECTS:
content	Project	Vehicle Registration System SRS,Database Designer Frontend: VB 6.0 Backend: SQL Server
content	Label	Project#1: Role: Technology used:
content	Knowledge/Skill	Mobile Store  SRS, Database Designer,Programmer  Frontend: C#.NET Backend Support: Microsoft Access 2003 / 2007 A Shopping Portal for Mobile Phones  Kashmir House  SRS, Database Designer,Programmer  Frontend: C#.NET Backend Support (DB): MS—Access
header	Label	Project#2:  Role:  Technology used: Description: Project#3:  Role:  Technology used:
content	Project	It’s an electronic — Kashmiri Shawls, Carpets market. The project bridges the gap by providing an online marketplace for the Kashmiri Handicraft and dealers of Kashmir valley to reach to the larger markets around the world.
header	Label	Description:
content	Label	Project#4::  Role:  Technology used: Description:
content	Project	E-Gas Seva  SRS,Database Designer,Programmer  Frontend: C#.NET Backend Support (DB): SQL—Server  E-Gas Seva is the Online Version of Shopping of Gas Products.
header	Label	ACADEMIC & TRAINING
content	Education/Qualification/Workshop	MCA (Software Development) from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University in 2014 with 73.88% BCA from Caset College, Kashmir University in 2011 with 65%
header	Label	PERSONAL MINUTIAE
content	Label	Date of Birth: Languages Known: Address: References:
content	Personal	22nd August 1989  English, Urdu, Hindi & Kashmiri  House No 300/301, Sector l/B, Bemina, Srinagar, J&K, India Will be pleased to furnish upon request
content	Name	(MUDASIR HUSSAIN)
