content	Personal	Tariq Ahmad sheikh Phone no: +91— 7006801563  E— mail id.: tarigsheikh219@gmai|. com
content	Summary/Objective	Looking towards to achieve a challenging, dynamic and responsible position in an environment where I can Contribute my skills acquired during my period of experience that strives for overall Development of the Organization and myself., Being Part of a team having will to learn, would like to work in a condition that increase my strengths, ultimately leading to the value additions and organizational Goals To achieve a challenging, dynamic and responsible position in an environment where I can Contribute my skills acquired during my period of experience that strives for overall Development of the Organization and myself.
content	Work/Experience	Having Overall 1 year and 7 month of experience in Installations, Deployments, Maintenance and Troubleshooting in Infrastructure as Linux, VMware VSphere/ESX System Maintenance VMware VSphere ESXi and vSAN.
content	Knowledge/Skill	Administration of VMware ESX, ESXi Servers using vCenter Server. Conﬁguring High Availability (HA), Distributed Resource Scheduler (DRS), Distributed Power Management (DPM) and vNetwork Distributed Switch (VDS).  Conﬁguring and management of Datastore using vSAN (FC SAN, iSCSI SAN and NFS—based).  vSAN: Deploy and Manage  Documented the client's existing infrastructure, technological assets and capabilities using tools like VMware Operations manager.  Supporting virtual Infrastructure comprising of 500+ VMware ESX/ESXi servers.  Migration and consolidation of Physical and Virtual Servers from one  datacenter to other datacenter using VMware vCenter Converter Plate Spin Migrate. Installed, Conﬁgured and administered ESX 5.0/5.1/5.5/6.0/6.5 on HP Blade  servers using HP onboard administrator for the HP Blade C7000 chassis & enclosures.  Creation of standard Virtual Machines and templates for VMware ESX, Lab Manager & Workstation.  Responsible for Backup/recovery strategy of all ESX servers. Planning and  implementing fault tolerance and strategies for backup and restoring ﬁles on the network.
content	Knowledge/Skill	VMware VSphere/ESXi Red Hat Linux Hypervisor  Microsoft Windows
header	Label	Engagement History
content	Work/Experience	From Date 30th March 2017
content	Work/Experience	Organization Wipro Limited
content	Work/Experience	To Date Till Date
content	Work/Experience	Organization: Wipro Limited Designation: Project Engineer Duration: 30th March 2017 to Till Date
content	Work/Experience	Roles and Responsibilities  As a team member, I am responsible for providing solution as per below mentioned critical matrix. 0 Installation, conﬁguration, and administration of VMware ESXi and VMware  virtual center.  0 Installation, Conﬁguration, Administration and troubleshooting for VMware ESX servers.  0 Creation and deletion of Snapshots of Virtual Machines.  0 Hot and Cold Cloning of Virtual Machines.  - P2V, V2V using VMware Converter.  . Move Virtual Machines between Host (VMotion) and Datastore (SVMotion) as per requirement.  0 Creating Clusters for High Availability and Dynamic Resource Scheduling.  - Adding and Removing hosts from clusters.  0 Creation of Virtual Switches, Ports and Port groups (Management Network, VMkerneI for VMotion & Virtual Machine).  0 Creating vmfs Datastores by using the LUNs assigned by SAN.  - Creating and managing Virtual Machines and Deploy VM from Templates.  0 VM resources allocation and deallocation  . Install VM tools in Guest OS/VM  - Troubleshooting on All Unix OS relates to OS performance, NIC card, Network  issue
content	Knowledge/Skill	OS level troubleshooting based on all physical or virtual production or pre—  production servers. Working on Volume manager like LVM, SVM & vam on all Unix box.  Troubleshooting User Login problems and Server Booting Problems in Linux OS.
header	Label	Education
content	Education/Qualification/Workshop	MCA (Master of computer Applications ) completed from Visvesvaraya Technological University (Karnataka)  VSP — HCI (Hyper—Converged Infrastructure 2017)  VTSP — HCI (Hyper—Converged Infrastructure 2017)
content	Label	Father’s Name: Sex:  Marital Status: Language: Nationality: Passport:
content	Personal	GH Mohammad Sheikh Single Married English, Hindi, Urdu Indian Yes (Valid upto 21/12/2026)
